{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset129 AppleGothic;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red85\green85\blue85;}
\pard\tx21820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ul \ulc0 \obliqueness0 \expansion0 Silver level compatibility
\b0 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	
\b \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ul \ulc0 \obliqueness0 \expansion0 Solution\
\
\pard\tx240\tx460\tx21820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \'a1\'e5
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	
\fs26 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \'96
\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	VCDE Issues	\
\pard\tx360\tx600\tx820\tx21820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
	
\fs26 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \'95
\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	
\f2\fs26 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \uc0\u10003 
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	[IM24] The directionality of each association must be explicitly defined.	Add directionality to UML Model.  Sal will check w/ curation \
\pard\tx820\tx21820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
	(Amendment - Ammendment)	team?\
\pard\tx360\tx600\tx820\tx21820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
	
\f1\fs26 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \'a1\'e5
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	
\fs26 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \'96
\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	[IM19] The concepts assigned to each class and attribute must be synonymous (consistent) with the developer-derived UML definition.	\
\pard\tx720\tx960\tx1180\tx21820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
	
\f1\fs26 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \'a1\'e5
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	\cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \uc0\u10065 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	Blackout date issues	The issues surrounding this area of the model are the most \
\pard\tx21820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
	serious from the VCDE point of view.  We will solve them by \
	updating our concepts, clarifying our definitions, and \
	ultimately refactoring this part of the model as per Robert \
	Freimuth's recommendations. \
\pard\tx1080\tx1320\tx1540\tx21820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
	
\fs26 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \'95
\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	\cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \uc0\u10065 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	RelativeRecurringBlackout	Brian Davis and Frank Hartel recommend a new concept for \
\pard\tx1540\tx21820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
	"A specified weekday within a specified week within a specified month when the Site does not provide services."	blackout date.  Or perhaps Blackout is fine, but we need \
	Blackout (C71739):A suspension of service (especially of radio or tv broadcasting).	clarity around "relative recurring" and other timing type \
	Relative Value (C45830):Considered in comparison with something else; dependent on or interconnected with something else; not absolute.	concepts.\
	Recurrence (C3352):To occur again.	\
\pard\tx1080\tx1320\tx1540\tx21820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
	
\fs26 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \'95
\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	\cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \uc0\u10065 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	WeekDayBlackout	New concept, as stated above.\
\pard\tx1540\tx21820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
	"A specified day of the week when the Site will not provide services."	\
	Blackout (C71739):A suspension of service (especially of radio or tv broadcasting).	\
	Week (C29844):Any period of seven consecutive days.	\
	Day (C25301):The time for Earth to make a complete rotation on its axis; ordinarily divided into twenty-four hours.	\
\pard\tx1080\tx1320\tx1540\tx21820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
	
\fs26 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \'95
\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	\cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \uc0\u10065 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	SpecificDateBlackout.day	Need concept of Day of the Month.\
\pard\tx1540\tx21820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
	\'93An integer between 1 and 31 to describe the day within a month.\'94	\
	Day (C25301):The time for Earth to make a complete rotation on its axis; ordinarily divided into twenty-four hours.	\
\pard\tx1080\tx1320\tx1540\tx21820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
	
\fs26 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \'95
\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	\cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \uc0\u10065 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	SpecificDateBlackout.year	Need concept of a specific year. \
\pard\tx1540\tx21820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
	"A four-digit integer describing the year."	\
	Year (C29848):The period of time that it takes for Earth to make a complete revolution around the sun; a period of time containing 365 days.	\
\pard\tx1080\tx1320\tx1540\tx21820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
	
\fs26 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \'95
\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	\cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \uc0\u10065 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	WeekDayBlackout.dayOfTheWeek	Need concept of a Day of the Week.\
\pard\tx1540\tx21820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
	"One of the seven days of the week."	\
	Day (C25301):The time for Earth to make a complete rotation on its axis; ordinarily divided into twenty-four hours.	\
	Week (C29844):Any period of seven consecutive days.	\
\pard\tx1080\tx1320\tx1540\tx21820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
	
\fs26 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \'95
\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	\cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \uc0\u10065 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	RelativeRecurringBlackout.dayOfTheWeek	Same as above.\
\pard\tx1540\tx21820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
	"One of the seven days of the week."	\
	Week (C29844):Any period of seven consecutive days.	\
	Day (C25301):The time for Earth to make a complete rotation on its axis; ordinarily divided into twenty-four hours.	\
\pard\tx720\tx960\tx1180\tx21820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
	
\fs26 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \'95
\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	
\f2\fs26 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \uc0\u10003 
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	Population	Frank Hartel recommends adding C47920 Service + \
\pard\tx1180\tx21820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
	"A subset of the subjects on the study for which the protocol defines additional activities."	C25406 Additional.  Or if the class is truly just a group of \
	Population Group (C17005):Groups of individuals united by a common factor e.g. geographic location, ethnicity, disease, age, gender, etc.	subjects, perhaps remove the reference to the additional \
\pard\tx21820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
	activities.  We'll go with the latter. \
\pard\tx720\tx960\tx1180\tx21820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
	
\fs26 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \'95
\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	
\f2\fs26 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \uc0\u10003 
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	Study	Perhaps we should just use Study - C63536  A detailed \
\pard\tx1180\tx21820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
	"A systematic evaluation of an observation or an intervention (for example, treatment, drug, device, procedure or system) in one or more subjects. Frequently this is a test of a particular hypothesis 	examination, analysis, or critical inspection of a subject \
	about the treatment, drug, device, procedure or system."	designed to discover facts about it.  Fix in SIW.\
	Clinical Study Protocol (C25320):An action plan for a clinical trial. The plan states what the study will do, how, and why. It explains how many people will be in it, who is eligible to participate, what 	\
	study agents or other interventions they will be given, what tests they will recei	\
\pard\tx720\tx960\tx1180\tx21820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
	
\fs26 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \'95
\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	
\f2\fs26 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \uc0\u10003 
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	StudySubjectAssignment	Look at C70732 Study Subject Participation Status - The \
\pard\tx1180\tx21820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
	\'93An item of data which indicates that a subject is to participate in a Study at a particular Site. \'93	status of a subject in relationship to his participation in a \
	Human Study Subject (C70665):A living individual about whom an investigator (whether professional or student) conducting research obtains data through intervention or interaction with the 	given clinical study, at a particular time and date.  BRIDG \
	individual, or identifiable private information. Intervention includes both physical procedures	uses this in addition to C70665.  We still need site, find this.   \
\pard\tx21820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
	Look up Enrollment again.  Fix the opening of this definition.  \
	C70777 Clinical Study Site.  Decide and tell Sal.  Definition \
	fixed.  Fix rest in SIW.\
\pard\tx720\tx960\tx1180\tx21820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
	
\fs26 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \'95
\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	
\f2\fs26 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \uc0\u10003 
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	Activity.name	The name concept is fine.  Get rid of Read concept.  Fix in \
\pard\tx1180\tx21820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
	"The human-readable name of the Activity that would be used on a subject's calendar."	SIW.\
	Name (C42614):The words or language units by which a thing is known.	\
	Read (C48222):The act of interpreting something that is written or printed.	\
\pard\tx360\tx600\tx820\tx21820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
	
\fs26 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \'95
\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	
\f2\fs26 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \uc0\u10003 
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	[IM12] The names given to packages, classes, and attributes should accurately convey their meaning (as determined by the UML definition).  In other words, the name should be consistent with the 	We like "Population."  Our users and statisticians are \
\pard\tx820\tx21820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
	definition.  Population	comfortable with it.  This will be handled with the above fix.\
	\'93A subset of the subjects on the study for which the protocol defines additional activities.\'94 	\
\pard\tx240\tx460\tx21820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f1\fs26 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \'a1\'e5
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	
\fs26 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \'96
\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	Arch issues	\
\pard\tx360\tx600\tx820\tx21820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
	
\f1\fs26 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \'a1\'e5
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	
\fs26 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \'96
\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	Object structures in the API and UML must conform to each other.  This includes the names of classes and attributes, as well as which attributes are included in which classes:  NO	\
\pard\tx720\tx960\tx1180\tx21820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
	
\fs26 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \'95
\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	\cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \uc0\u10065 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	AdverseEventNotification class name different and several attributes missing from UML.  I don't see any attribute or method in javadoc that would allow you to get AdverseEvent from Notification.	Fix in UML.  Note that PSC simply displays this, it doesn't \
\pard\tx21820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
	parse the notification.  Sean will do this.\
\pard\tx720\tx960\tx1180\tx21820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
	
\fs26 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \'95
\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	
\f2\fs26 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \uc0\u10003 
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	BlackoutDate, WeekDayBlackout, SpecificDateBlackout, and RelativeRecurringBlackout only exist in UML (not javadoc or source code)	Will fix code to match UML.  Rhett is doing this.\
	
\fs26 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \'95
\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	
\f2\fs26 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \uc0\u10003 
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	Holiday, MonthDayHoliday, DayOfTheWeek in Javadoc, but not UML (probably related to above?) 	See above.\
	
\fs26 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \'95
\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	\cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \uc0\u10065 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	Duration exists in both UML and Javadoc, but one of its attributes differs. In UML there is a String attribute called unit, while in the javadoc it is called units and it is an enumeration, not a String.  (I 	Will add enumerations to UML.  Sean will do this.\
\pard\tx1180\tx21820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
	think this is the case in several classes.  I will try and document them as I go through the model)	\
\pard\tx360\tx600\tx820\tx21820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
	
\f1\fs26 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \'a1\'e5
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	
\f2\fs26 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \uc0\u10003 
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	In the case of data oriented API or system, the API must provide a query function, which allows a client to search for and retrieve objects of interest:  NA	\
\pard\tx720\tx960\tx1180\tx21820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
	
\fs26 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \'95
\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	
\f2\fs26 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \uc0\u10003 
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	This kind of full query capability doesn't really fit the use case of this system.  Though full query capability for all domain objects are not included, the system does provide API methods to get and set 	\
\pard\tx1180\tx21820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
	calendar templates and to get/edit scheduled calendars, which is the purpose of the system.  The system is not intended to be used to search for other domain objects like Subject.  Those kind of 	\
	searches would use another system.	\
\pard\tx360\tx600\tx820\tx21820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
	
\f1\fs26 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \'a1\'e5
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	\cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \uc0\u10065 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	TESTING CRITERIA...	\
\pard\tx720\tx960\tx1180\tx21820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
	
\fs26 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \'95
\fs24 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	\cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 \uc0\u10065 \cf0 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \obliqueness0 \expansion0 	a. Test script should exercise all of the API functions.       	Will generate the test scripts and add to package.  Saurabh \
\pard\tx1180\tx21820\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
	b. Test logs should show the API methods have been called, caBIG compliant objects have been input, and caBIG compliant objects have been returned.    	will do or has already done this.  We will use the scripts of \
	c. For data oriented APIs or systems, the tests should sufficiently demonstrate the query capabilities.	C3PR as a model.\
	c-1. For data oriented APIs or systems, the tests should demonstrate the querying of a sufficient number of data objects (preferably all).     	\
	c-2. For data oriented APIs or systems, the tests should show the traversal of the information space (associations) through the API calls.     	\
	d. The reviewer should be confident that the system exists (per a-c above).    	\
	e. The reviewer should be confident that the system is performing as expected (per a-c above). 	\
		\
	Need test scripts and results to confirm the above checklist items 	\
}